This project lasted over 5 months and was the most challenging and ambitious project i've ever done.

Despite having less than a year of experience in C and in team work (because school team projects are not really their priority),
my team and I managed to create an entire terminal, that is almost fully fonctional. The only features missing are the arrow navigation and history up-arrow.

I'm really proud of this project because a a teammate and I were the members who brought new features to implement in the main program.

It was the most technically challenging programation i have ever performed and these features made me quickly catch up to every problems i still had before this project. It was this experience that clearly gave me the love and thrill of programming.

# These are the main features i brought to the project, there lies some technical stuffs if you don't want to dive any deeper.

The project needed a built-in echo function that behave exactly like the TCSH shell's echo script.
And so i built it from scratch, managing to recreate every flags existing.

Another major feature is the special variables, shortcuts that exists in your terminal that make the using of it so much easier,
i recreated the status variable ($--> echo $status = (return value of your function)), i recreated the $env variable, that display the environnement of the working space ($--> echo $env = env function).
And last but not least, i created this monstrosity : str-to-word-array.png, but what does it do ?

This function checks for quotes in a user input :
for example, writting $--> echo "Hello World" doesn't behave like $--> echo Hello World
and parsing clearly the arguments waskjjjjkhhjkg \\\\\\\\======0000000000001